Add a guide for creating own twig functions with new example (#710)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/storefront/add-custom-twig-function.md

> # Add custom Twig Functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add Custom Twig Functions
```

## Overview

Imagine you want to call a PHP script from the Twig template during the theme development to create a MD5-Hash for example. For these cases we can create our own twig functions.

In our example we will pass a string to the Twig Function and return a MD5-Hash.

{% hint style="info" %}It is not recommended to use twig functions in order to retrieve data from the database. In these cases a DataResolver could come in handy.{% endhint %}

## Prerequisites

> In order to create your own Twig Function for your plugin, you first need a plugin as base. Therefore, you can refer to the [Plugin Base Guide](../plugin-base-guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create your own twig function for your plugin, you first need a plugin as base. Therefore, you can refer to the [Plugin Base Guide](../plugin-base-guide.md).
```

> ## Creating Twig Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating twig function
```

> In the following sections we will create and expand all necessary files for the Twig function to work. These are actually exactly 2 files. First the PHP file with the Twig Functions itself and the services.xml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following sections, we will create and expand all necessary files for the twig function to work. There are two such files:
* PHP file with the twig functions itself and
* Services.xml
```

> ### Creating the Twig Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating the twig function
```

> For the sake of clarity, we will create a folder named Twig within the src folder. Within this we create a new php file. You can name this file whatever you want.
> 
> Let's have a look at the created file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For clarity, create a folder named `Twig` within the `src` folder. Then create a new php file with desired file name within the `Twig` folder. Refer to the below example :
```

{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Twig/SwagCreateMd5Hash.php" %}
```php
<?php declare(strict_types=1);

namespace SwagBasicExample\Twig;

use Shopware\Core\Framework\Context;
use Twig\Extension\AbstractExtension;
use Twig\TwigFunction;

class SwagCreateMd5Hash extends AbstractExtension
{
    public function getFunctions()
    {
        return [
            new TwigFunction('createMd5Hash', [$this, 'createMd5Hash']),
        ];
    }

    public function createMd5Hash(string $str)
    {
        return md5($str);
    }
}
```
{% endcode %}

> Of course you can do everything in the createMd5Hash function that PHP can do.
> 
> What is still missing is the registration of the service in the DI container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course, you can do everything in the `createMd5Hash` function that PHP can do, but the service.xml handles registration of the service in the DI container.
```

{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Resources/config/services.xml" %}
```markup
...
    <services>
        <service id="SwagBasicExample\Twig\SwagCreateMd5Hash" public="true">
            <tag name="twig.extension"/> <!--Required-->
        </service>
    </services>
...
```
{% endcode %}

> After all that is done, you can access this Twig function within your plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once done, you can access this `TwigFunction` within your plugin.
```

> ### Use the Twig function in your template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use twig function in template
```
